doc: create centralized documentation for developers (#1120)
HeyPuter/puter: doc/development/glosary.md

# Puter's glosary

## General

1. **Puter:** Puter is an advanced, open-source internet operating system designed to be feature-rich, exceptionally fast, and highly extensible.

> 2. **Self hosting:** Means running and managing the app on your infrastructure instead of using thid-party hosting service.

Reviewer: "Puter" is more clear than "the app" because Puter also runs apps.

```suggestion
2. **Self hosting:** Means running and managing Puter on your infrastructure instead of using thid-party hosting service.
```

You can learn more on how to self host your Puter instance [here](./deployment/self_host.md)

> 3. **Kernel:** It is a simple module which is in charge of orchestrating the initialization of the system, following the boot sequence. Following the [Microkernel pattern](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/software-architecture-patterns/9781098134280/ch04.html), this module corresponds to the Core of Puter backend.

Reviewer: Since Puter's kernel runs "modules", it might be confusing to call the kernel itself a module.

```suggestion
3. **Kernel:** It is a simple class which is in charge of orchestrating the initialization of the system, following the boot sequence. Following the [Microkernel pattern](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/software-architecture-patterns/9781098134280/ch04.html), this class corresponds to the Core of Puter backend.
```

4. **Monorepo:** A centralised source code repository made of several interrelated packages.

5. **npm workspace:** An NPM workspace is a NPM feature that allows you to **manage multiple related packages** (like a monorepo) within a single repository.

## Backend components

1. **BasicBase:** Abstract class with inheritance tracking for composite the system using shared configuration and behaviors.
2. **FeatureBase:** Extending BasicBase, allows defining and install features (classes and modules) as TopicsFeature, MariMethodsfeature, and others.
3. **AdvancedBase:** Extending FeatureBase, Defines features to be installed by Its FeatureBase parent instance.

> As you can see, components follows an inheritance chain which starts in BasicBase.

> 4. **KernelModule:** Extending AdvancedBase, orchestrate system boot sequence.

Reviewer: I don't think we have anything called "KernelModule". Was this part AI-generated?
